v0.6.0 changelog (#1042)
observablehq/plot: CHANGELOG.md

# Observable Plot - Changelog

## 0.6.0

> [Released September 6, 2022.](https://github.com/observablehq/plot/releases/tag/v0.6.0)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Not yet released. These are forthcoming changes in the main branch.*
```

Reviewer: (this is how we did it last time, so we can merge it sooner)

> [breaking] The **strict** option for Plot.windowX and Plot.windowY will now output `undefined` if any window value is undefined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[breaking] Plot.windowX and Plot.windowY now return an aggregate value even when the window contains undefined values, for example at the beginning or at the end of a series. Use the new **strict: true** option to opt-in to the older behavior and return undefined in those cases.
```
